you can even play it by the way
cool cool option
Yes, it will be necessary to come up with something
so you saw so that the egg so
led
it's just a paragraph it's not me really not a ball
and them
won to how much it so now I can
still take a natural egg what are you
saw shorter clear jumped
and here it is already visible yes here it is soup
here's the calcium all gone and the shell
this is left
it happened one day shorter
You can take this option
let's say and argue that my egg will be
bounce like this and will not break
argue well come here and now
that it was clear that this is not no balls
egg I'll just cut through it now
see here is how did this egg
but we will not eat him of course because
what a bunch of here
I do not know, but you were aware that
it turns out if you throw an egg in vinegar
all success subscribe to the channel
there are many interesting experiments ahead